So people love it. When we talk about books,
is there books, maybe three or so technical fiction,
philosophical that had an impact on your life and you might recommend,
and for each, is there an idea or so that you take away from it?
Yes. Um,
so I've been a veracious reader all my life,
um, and I'm always reading like three or four or five books at a time.
Um, and now I use audible a lot too, and, you know,
podcasts and things like that. Um,
so I think the first one that stands out to me is, um,
10 it's a novel, um,
tender is the night by Fitzgerald and I,
I read it when I was much younger,
but I went back and read it recently and it's not that good.
So I'm not sure why it has like, such an important place, um,
in my literary history. But, um,
I love Fitzgerald as an author because he's very,
he's very like flowery prose, um,
that I can just picture what he's saying,
but he does it in a such a creative way.
I remember that one in particular because it, you know,
I read a ton as a kid too, but it kind of set me,
it was like the beginning of my adult reading life and, um,
getting into classics and, um, I kind of,
I do feel like I, they seem intimidating maybe.
And then I realized that they're all just like, love stories. Um,
uh, so.
Yeah, isn't everything the stores, the bottom.
Even, you know, I don't know.
I w I was surprised that even like a lot of the Russian authors, um,
you know, that's all, they're all just love stories.
Where humans are pretty simple. There's not much, there's not much to work with.
So.
So I think maybe that was it,
it made like that whole world less intimidating to me and,
and cemented my love for reading.
People should have just approached the classics. Like,
there's probably a lot of strain here,
some somehow Harbaugh's out to check, so just relax and enjoy the ride. Um,
so what else.
Um, changing gears quite a bit, um, the beginning of infinity,
do you know it by David Deutsch? Um, so he's a physicist, um,
I think at Cambridge or Oxford.
And so I was introduced like more formally to a lot of the
ideas. Like a lot of the things we've talked about, he, um,
has a lot more like formalism and, um,
physics rigor around. And so I got introduced to, you know,
more like jargon of how to think about some of these ideas, um, um,
you know, like memes and, you know, DNA as,
as the ultimate meme, um, uh,
the concept of infinity and, um,
objective beauty. Um,
but he has a really strong grounding in physics. Um, and then she's.
A rigorous way of talking about these like big.
Yeah.
So that was very mind opening to me to read that,
but it also,
I think is probably part of why I ended up marrying my husband is related to
that book.
And then I've had some other really great connections with people because I had
read it. And so had they, um, sorry.
Let's say you turn that, that, even that book into a little story I did
exactly.
And okay. The third, uh,
series is it's just it's Harry Potter. Um.
Of course, which somehow connects to, I haven't read Harry Potter.
I'm really sorry. I forgive me, forgive me. Uh, but,
uh, have read token, but just Harry Potter just haven't, haven't gotten to it,
but, uh, your company name is somehow I think, connects with Harry Potter.
Right? You heard this?
My,
I always feel like I have to justify my fandom.
Um, the first three books came out when I was 10.
So I went along this journey with Harry, um, age wise,
and I read them all like nine or 10
times, all seven books. And I think, um,
anything that just keeps you reading as is what's important. And you know,
there, I have lulls where I don't feel like reading anything.
So I'll reread a Harry Potter or a, you know, trashy,
detective novel or something. And, and I don't really care.
And that's why I mentioned Harry Potter because it, you know,
whatever just keeps me reading, I think is important. And, um,
it was a big part of my life growing up. And then, yes, Axion I,
the official story of the naming of the company is that
Axion is like a concatenation of accelerate and ion,
but it actually came from Accu, the summoning charm,
and then we just added an end and it was perfect.
What's the Sony term. That's just one of the spells.
Um,
Mo probably most notably Harry uses it to summon his
broomstick out of his dorm room when he's battling a dragon somewhere else.
So he says the spell and the broomstick comes to him. So summoning in that way.
Okay. There we go.
This is brilliant. So the, the, the big thing is that, uh,
it's something that you've carry with. It's like your safe place,
you returned to something like the Harry Potter.
That, you know, I reread them still. Um, whatever keeps me reading,
I think is, is the most important thing. Yeah.
The same way in terms of the habit of it. It's
that it's important to just keep, keep reading.
But I have found myself struggling a little bit too,
because I listened to a lot of audio books.
Now I've struggled to then switch back to reading
seriously. Uh, it's just, uh, read so many papers, recently,
many other things.
It feels like if I'm going to sit down and have the time to actually focus on
the reading,
I should be reading like blog posts or papers or more condensed kind of things.
But there there's a huge value to just reading long form still.
Yeah. And you know, my husband was never that into fiction,
but then someone pulled him or he heard, um, you know,
you learn a lot of empathy through reading fiction. Um,
so you could think of it that way.
Yeah. That's kind of what the, yeah. The, and it's also a fiction is a nice,
unlike, not the less so with nonfiction is a chance to travel.
I see it as kind of traveling cause you go to this other world and it's,
it's nice. Cause it's like much more efficient.
You don't have to get on a plane, you know,
and you get to meet all kinds of new people.
It's like people say they love traveling. And I say, I love traveling too.
I just, yeah. Read fiction.
I told my, um, three-year-old that,
that was why we read so much. Cause we, you know,
see the places in our mind and I'm like,
it's basically like we're watching a movie, you know, that's how it feels.
And she's like, I prefer watching frozen with popcorn. Was it her response?
That you're three.
That's a good point. Uh, but yeah, there's some power to the imagination, right?
That's not just like watching a movie because some,
something about our Mar imagination. Cause it's,
it's the words in the world that's painted somehow mixing in with our own
understanding of our own hopes and dreams or fears.
It like mixes up in there and the way we can build up that world from just the
page.
Yeah. You're,
you're really creating the world just with the like prompts from the book,
right? Yeah. Yeah. That's different than watching a movie.